What's going on here?
Let the king lock
Thunder is not only ah ah ah ah
Everyone look
The statues of the three masters and apprentices were all split open
Lei Feng 3,000
Is this the true law that will come to fruition?
Master, the secret is wrong
Cause and effect are wrong?
How is that possible?
Obviously, this cause and effect order
Why is it so chaotic in an instant?
I already said it
Even your master Zhenyuan Daxian
Can't stand my worship
Why are you trying to be brave?
cannot
These three thousand lightning laws must be good for the Tiandao police
Only my threesome ascent ceremony
Ask Where the Three Realms of Immortals in Heaven Are
Don't continue to worship
I was born into the world
That's where the Three Realms belong.
Three destined people who are not Kunlun Cleaning
Don't force it.
Blindly make me kneel
It will only exacerbate your causal valve
What are you?
What cause and effect gods must be you talking nonsense
Now living outside
I can take it.
That's 8,000 more thunderbolts to come
You guys ready?
Cut the crap
My master can actually be an armed crown priest
It's bound to be endured. Goodbye
Second Worship Hangyang Lost Ancestor
Not subject to Tiancheng
Such as domineering left and right to thunder
This, this, this, this Reichen is so terrifying
Three are missing
The statue was directly smashed into this
8,000 mine
Is the British selection mentioned by Mr. Zhang true?
It must be a coincidence
Impossible since it's a coincidence
Then I'll say goodbye again
This time, there are 90,000 thunder
Celebrate the ancestors
Are you ready?
Miles to Heaven
It's miserable not to die
Even the dignity of my three masters has been broken
Could it be that I really angered Tiandao?
Let me be so distracted?